Fix node running commands after customizing the STF + formatting (#741)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/how-tos/customize-stf.mdx

The rollup contract address can be found in the chain deployment info JSON.
You can confirm that the WASM module root was updated by calling `wasmModuleRoot()` on the rollup contract.

> Once you have set the new WASM module root on-chain, you may then run the new node image. Following a similar process than before, we will first remove the parameter `--node.staker.dangerous.without-block-validator` to enable fraud proofs back.

Author: Exactly

To do that, open your `nodeConfig.json` file again, and remove the `"dangerous"` section you created before.

After that, you'll have, again, two ways of running your node.

**1. Using the docker-compose file**

> As mentioned before, this is the recommended way if you are running your orbit chain locally through the provided docker-compose file. In `docker-compose.yml`, modify the docker image used for the nitro container. Notice that we will now use the `custom-nitro-node-dev` you just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, this is the recommended way if you're running your Orbit chain locally through the provided docker-compose file. In `docker-compose.yml`, modify the Docker image used for the Nitro container. Notice that we'll now use the `custom-nitro-node-dev` you just created:
```

```
...
nitro:
  image: custom-nitro-node-dev
  ports:
...
```

> And run `docker compose up` to run all your containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And run `docker compose up` to run all of your containers.
```

> **2. Use `docker run` to run your nitro node only**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. Use `docker run` to run your Nitro node only**
```

> This method will only run the customized nitro node (i.e., it will not run blockscout, or the DA server if you're using an AnyTrust chain). Use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method will only run the customized Nitro node (i.e., it will not run Blockscout, or the DA server if you're using an AnyTrust chain). Use the following command:
```
